Before I left, I was working on adding a movement library called RoadRunner to our codebase. I have
installed RoadRunner, all of the relevant files should be in the RoadRunner directory of the
DriveEngine package. I was following the instructions from a website called "learnroadrunner.com".
It provides clear step-by-step instructions for installing, setting up, and using the RoadRunner
library.

I had to stop fairly early in the process of setting up the library due to the fact that we
currently do not have a drive base with odometry wheels. Once that is built, it will be possible for
you to finish setting up RoadRunner. The library should be much better at navigating the robot than
my movement library, because it has more features, has been extensively testing and debugged, and is
written by people who actually know what they are doing.

I would strongly recommend you read up on some of the features of roadrunner and how it works to
understand how it works and what it can do, and if the team builds a drive base that has odometry
wheels in the pre season or in the beginning of the season, I would strongly recommend to try to get
RoadRunner working on the new drive base and to use it to move the robot during autonomous.

I believe getting the library working will help because most of the time I spent writing autonomous
code last year was spent fighting with the drive code to get the robot to go where I wanted it to
go, and when I got it to work, it could not accurately move with any speeds close to the max speed
of the robot. As I have already mentioned, RoadRunner is reliable and well tested, and, if tuned
properly, will go where you tell it to go. It also allows the robot to move around with
significantly higher speeds and allows the robot to follow complex series of curves to more
efficiently navigate the field. There were plenty of times last year where I wished that our robot
could drive smoothly around obstacles instead of having to make multiple complete stops at corners
to navigate around them.

I wish you and the rest of the team good luck this year and am confident that you will do well.
